hi this is alia and welcome back to
another internet edition with Reuben
hello Reuben was here in the previous
video you really have to click it just
to watch how to make chili so far mexico
mexican chilli so different from spanish
Teresa right and so you have to watch it
because here we're going to learn how to
use chorizo in a recipe correct there
are many ways that Mexicans use chorizo
in recipes you can have it for breakfast
with eggs but you can make with sauce
like chorizo con salsa or you can use it
as all alike you can make beef and put
bell peppers and put some chorizo and it
will add some flavor
jack is 2 and you add a little bit of
chorizo nice to flavor it you can flavor
things you can there's a very popular
dish in my hotel that is called this
cabin but you need to have Teresa you
don't have chasers you don't have this
cat if you not have chorizo you don't
have this better and if you don't have
to scale a wrong choices teach us
something in Spanish I had to say like
let's go and make this jewelry so young
and but auntie Mames cocinando chorizo e
pasta will Rico e disfrutan ah mr. is
magnifico okay let's go now we're going
to make some eggs with chorizo so the
first thing that you have to do is to
put some a little bit of olive oil the
heat is low then you add the chorizo
we're using a little bit of chorizo for
two eggs because Teresa is actually very
flavorful so you don't need a lot
now you have to cook the chorizo I put
it in from low to medium heat and cook
it until the meat is ready from time to
time you need to stir the chorizo
because you know you don't want to burn
it so now we have the eggs these are two
eggs that I did a bit my default and now
you can start mixing the chorizo with
the eggs now you can just serve it with
bread or tortillas like we do in Mexico
and you're ready to have an amazing
breakfast Bon Appetit very busy